custom connector in camunda (#591)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/user-guide/process-engine/connectors.md

  </tr>
</table>

> It is also possible to implement your own custom connector in camunda. For more information about extending connectors please see the corresponding [section]({{< ref "/reference/connect/extending-connect/" >}}) of the [User Guide]({{< ref "/user-guide/_index.md" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to implement your own custom connector in camunda. For more information about extending connectors please visit the [Connector reference]({{< ref "/reference/connect/extending-connect/" >}}). 
```

Reviewer: I would suggest to remove the lin to the user guide, as the important link is to the Connectors reference which is not related to a user guide.
